feature/self-homologation (#2026)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/additional-content/homologator/homologator.en.md

| Security               | In Mercado Pago we seek to ensure the confidenciality of the data involved in the purchase process. The improvements and good practices given as a result of your homologation will allow you to obtain the necessary data in a secure and reliable way.                                                                                   |
| Scalability            | When you do homologate your integration, you must make sure to be using the updated version of our APIs and official libraries, wich will assure you the bests results.                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Financial Conciliation | With the consistency of the financial verification in the transactions registered with Mercado Pago we intend to maintain the integrity of your system data. That’s why it is important to implement the necessary measures and the good practices suggested as a result of your homologation.                                             |

## How to homologate my integration?

> WARNING
>
> Attention
>

> > For now, the integration quality measuring tool is only available for integrations with [Checkout Pro,](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/landing) [Checkout API](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/landing), [Checkout Bricks](/developers/en/docs/checkout-bricks/landing) and [Mercado Pago Point](/developers/es/docs/mp-point/landing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For now, the integration quality measuring tool is only available for integrations with [Checkout Pro,](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/landing) [Checkout API](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/landing), [Checkout Bricks](/developers/en/docs/checkout-bricks/landing) and [Mercado Pago Point](/developers/en/docs/mp-point/landing).
```

To measure the quality of your application, follow the steps below.

1. In [Devsite](/developers/en/docs), access the menu **Your integrations >** [Dashboard](https://mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/app)**.

> 2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which you have integrated a product admitted by the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, Checkout API, or Mercado Pago Point).

Reviewer: Acá faltaría localizar CHO Transparente para Brasil

> 2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which you have integrated a product admitted by the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, Checkout API, or Mercado Pago Point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which you have integrated a product admitted by the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, ----[mla, mlm, mlu, mco, mlc, mpe]---- Checkout API ------------ ----[mlb]---- Checkout Transparente ------------, or Mercado Pago Point).
```

> 2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which there is a product to be integrated of those that admit the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, Checkout API, or Mercado Pago Point).

Reviewer: Esta oración es un poco rebuscada y confusa. Pero la fui a buscar en español y me pasó lo mismo. Quizás tenemos una manera más directa de contar este paso?

> 2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which there is a product to be integrated of those that admit the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, Checkout API, or Mercado Pago Point).

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the [Your applications](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/dashboard/applications) area of ​​the Dashboard, **click on the desired application**. It must be an application in which you have integrated a product admitted by the homologation tool (Checkout Pro, Checkout Bricks, Checkout API, or Mercado Pago Point).
```

3. Then click on **Score details** to access the tool where you can **measure the quality of your application** and view the score that indicates how secure and aligned your application configuration is with the good practices of Mercado Pago integration.

> 4. On the **Integration Quality** screen, click **Evaluate quality** and enter the `payment ID` of a payment made with production [credentials](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/credentials/credentials) of the application you wish to homologate. Whenever possible, we will show in the field the last productive `payment ID` that we identified in the application in question.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Integration Quality** screen, click **Evaluate quality** and enter the `payment ID` of a recent payment made with production [credentials](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/credentials/credentials) of the application you wish to homologate. Whenever possible, use the last productive `payment ID` identified in the application in question.
```

> 4. On the **"Integration Quality"** screen, click **Evaluate quality** and enter the `payment ID` of a payment made with production [credentials](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/credentials/credentials) of the application you wish to homologate. Whenever possible, we will show in the field the last productive `payment ID` that we identified in the application in question.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Integration Quality** screen, click **Evaluate quality** and enter the `payment ID` of a payment made with production [credentials](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/credentials/credentials) of the application you wish to homologate. Whenever possible, we will show in the field the last productive `payment ID` that we identified in the application in question.
```
